Indy README

Overview:

    My 'main' classes are the MazeBoard and Pacman. The former contains the
    majority of the game's 'logic,' despite not being the top level logic
    class. Pacman contains the second most complex code because of its
    continuous motion and user interaction.

    My MazeBoard contains multiple MazeBlocks which are logically arranged
    to put together a maze. MazeBoard also contains Pacman and Blinky, both
    of which are associated with the board. This is so they know where the
    walls are.

    I've commented extensively in the various classes to explain the details
    of any algorithms I'm implementing.

design choices

    Inheritance is super useful for MazeBlocks – compared to say, interfaces, or
    a single BlockGenerator class. It provides for very efficient polymorphism

    I've used 2 enums. One is for the 'inner constraints' of a MazeBlock, and the
    other is for the direction of movement.

    The maze is procedurally generated from left to right and up to down in that
    order, skipping the first and last blocks.

    A 'block' is made up of 9 tiles. A maze is made up of multiple blocks put together
    logically.

    The terms "path" and "way" are used interchangeably.

    Both sets of 2d arrays are in row major

    Note: when initializing a block, j and i are switched cuz i'm first setting xPos
    THEN setting yPos. however, the row-major representation has that the other way round

    random generation method pretty inefficient ngl. not sure what a better way could be?

    'running an arbitrary number of times till it works' logic is necessary for the random
    element. However, it also has atrocious time complexity.

    interface/inheritance might have been useful for pacman + amogus

Known Bugs

    Occasioniaally, pacman does glitch through walls/travels in the middle of walls

    Pacman starts moving before game loads. not super sure how to deal w that

    Ghost motion is pretty dumb, so it's easy to get caaught in an infinite loop

Debugging Collaborators

    none

Time spent: i stopped counting at cartoon rip